hi to all I am always nick and today
as you have seen I am here for the side
against sweet magi so we'll go as to
usually to do a little analysis first
of the dec
and then in the end I'll do it because it has all
the useful cards in my opinion
contrabreak so let's go to like
he told you the analysis of the dec
it is a deck that special vocation ne
does a throttle maybe we say that I am
also the key point of this technician
facts it was possible to block the
special skills maybe with vanity
in fact this quality among the cards from
said you are very advantaged something
maybe he will do but very little then he is a
deck that more or less numbers of monsters
trap spells are the standard ones ie
20 monsters 10 and the tearing spells
standard more or less in the sweet but there
are 20 monsters but a little less are
around 15 16 now comes to me
then exactly depends on the
versions and otherwise the magic cards
trap are balanced
we say that there are also many papers
which is a nuisance because where it is magi
very often in the hands of shit then
play cards to annoy
the opponent for example mirror roar
typhoon nye nice bit of cards that note
they bother me they are with 32
obviously be careful
especially to the former track is
very dangerous especially when the
rolex armo blade file at the polls for
that I put a card against
that and above all the clear that the
card that fucks you the most so look for it
not to make it local if you are not a bit
in the poo unless you have it
something below like you hope too much
so now I will show you just the
cards I have chosen say for
this against this gap and nothing seen
all here maybe leave a like here
below commented as well to let me know
complete and nothing enjoy the cards e
dar said
no